So, hi.
I'm Nathalie, and I'm a teacher
at Marshview Middle School.
I teach grade five.
We are the first grade
of our middle school,
which is kind of different
than other middle schools.
So we are the foundation that leads
the rest of their fundamental years
at middle school.
We when we were introduced to the kids
at the beginning of the year,
I really found that my kids needed
some social emotional help and work.
So I'm here today to talk about our
morning mantras that I put into practice.
For something really easy to do every day
for social emotional wellness.
And I decided to put six mantras
into place.
And through observations and conversations
with my kids
at the beginning of the year,
knowing their home lives.
Seeing them interact with each other
and peers,
other peers in the school
and teachers, adults of every sort.
I had a sense of what they needed from me,
and from the morning mantras,
and from the social emotional
wellness work that we were going to do.
So I decided on our six mantras through
those observations and conversations.
So every morning
we come in and it's part of our routine
to go have a morning meeting,
and it is part of our morning meeting.
The kids are used to saying these now,
and I put them into practice
because I wanted them to be able to use
these mantras when they are feeling down,
or they need some self-motivation
or calmness in their lives.
So, for example, if they needed help
with some schoolwork,
they were struggling with a math equation.
I want them to be able to reflect and say,
I am smart, I am capable, I can do this.
So that's why I chose some of those.
Or if they're having a problem with a peer
saying I am loved, I am important.
Even if they're feeling like
they have trouble with another teacher
saying that
I and I have a safe environment to go to,
and I am loved by the adults in this room,
even though sometimes they may not feel
that I want them to be able
to repeat those mantras,
when they're in a difficult,
situation to persevere through.
Especially
when they're having those difficult
hard times.
Repeat after me. I am strong.
I am strong.
I am capable, I am capable.
I am love. I am love.
I am important.
I am working. I am safe. I am safe.
So my tips and tricks for other teachers
would be to have those observations
and conversations
with your kids early on in the year,
and see what they need from you
and they need from the safe environment
that you're trying to instill.
And then take what?
That you feel necessary that if it's I am
loved, I am safe, I am important.
And instill those in your daily practice
so that they know,
even if they forget it,
maybe sometime during the day
or when they're in a difficult situation,
they know that they can turn
back to those mantras
and say them to themselves to really help
get through those tough
times and have some grit.